Add teaser for offline testing (#141)
scaleway/serverless-scaleway-functions: README.md

serverless logs --function <function_or_container_name>
```

## Offline testing

> Deploying function locally provides a better developer experience by allowing for faster testing process and debugging. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying functions locally provides a shorter development feedback loop, allowing for faster testing and debugging. This is something we are actively working on, so watch this space!
```

> It's not supported at th moment but we are currently working on different ways to provide serverless offline support, stay tuned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<remove this line>
```
